Method for data reduction:
	1. MAKEMAP in SMURF in STARLINK software
		a. Starts by taking in the raw power data from the telescope and then iteratively removes noise until a suitable model is left.
	2. Common mode noise is removed via the program. Largely due to atmospheric emissions.
		a. THIS REMOVES EXTENDED FAINT STRUCTURE IN FINAL MAPS.
	3. An atmosperic extinction model is then applied to the map to remove any Precipitable water vapour (PWV). A Low frequency pass is applied to remove any missed noise from the common mode noise removal.
	4. The astronomical signal is then estimated and the residual white noise is compared to the previous iteration.
		a. The solution converges when the difference in pixels is below a certain threshold
	5(Opt.). The user can provide a mask to focus on significant objects.

Goal of the Calibration was to extract robust non-varying sources from SCUBA-2 and apply the two maps (spatial alighment and flux calibration methods)
	-Excluded sources which did not meet criteria (anything less than 500mJy/beam would put calibration at >2% as noise is around 10mJy/beam)

Two ways of attacking the uncertainty of the maps:
	1. Modulate astro signals in such a way that they appear in the lowest noise regions (in person with the bolometer array)
	2. Provide good "cross-linking". A method of scanning at a range of position angles.

Data Noise reduction methods:
-----------------------------
	1. Time series downsampling and map pixel size
	2. Time-domain despiking
	3. Step correction
	4. Gap filling/Apodization
	5. Bolometer Filtering
	6. Additional Data rejection

Data reduction process (preprocessing):
  -Raw data is assembled into continuous time series (TS)
  -A flat field correction is then applied
  -Data is down-sampled and discontinuities (spikes, steps, gaps) are repaired
  -The mean of each bolometer TS is removed
1. Common Mode and gain offset models:
  -Estimates the COM signal from each bolometer at each time step
2. EXT model corrects for extinction
3. Fourier Transform Filter
  -Removes independent low-frequency noise associated to each bolometer
  -Scale which is filtered is inputted as a length, this is calculated from the speed the telescope is scanning (a known quantity)
4. AST model
  -Removes significant astronomical signal
  -After removal of significant astronomical signals left with a "noise map"
5. NOI model measures residual noise.

If the data converges the map is made, however if it does not converge then the previous solution is inverted and the process starts again at step 1. This continues until a solution converges and then a map is then produced.


JCMY LR1 Reduction Method:
""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The parameters for the JCMT LR1 makemap are located in a file called "dimmconfig_jsa_generic.lis". These parameters are focused on minimizing artificial emission being created during the reduction process. no large scale recovery would be attempted when using this method however.

Most import params for the makemap are as follows:
  com.perarray = 1
    Creates a common mode for each array, removes any sources larger than 200 arcseconds.
  flt.filt_edge_largescale = 200
    Filters all sources larger than 200 arcseconds, consistent with com.perarray above. Converts timescale to length scale through scanning speed data.
  numiter = -25 & ast.skip = 5
    25 iterations are performed, the first five of which do not implement the AST model. If 25 iterations are reached without convergence then the process stops.
  ast.zero_snr = 5
    requires a minimum of 5\sigma_rms for a source to be an astronomical source.
  ast.zero_snrlo = 3
    Identified sources (of at least 5\sigma_rms) to expand in area until the flux density values are 3\sigma_rms
  maptol = 0.01
    Termination tolerance. As soon as the mean pixel delta hits 1% of the estimated map RMS, the map making iteration terminates.
